we have read you we have listened to you I think
we are aware of our
mistake I think we need to prepare things better and
with more advance notice and with
more depth to be able to better understand
what it is that you are putting into
your club friends I am not putting in
koi to whoever works the hardest on their
presentation video This is what I told you
about the video that was super edited
that everyone applauds okay I mean
everyone applauds the video Ah
the video is the super fun support
Look at the guy takes the Setup to the street
Well look at you he has taken
the Setup to the street and it has not been successful
nowadays it is very difficult to surprise and
in the edited video it can be super
epic but then when it comes down to it
well come on You take the Setup to
the street and what do you do No better than I
like him better see in terms of his
adaptation to the koi team or in terms of what
we are missing that
this person that I am signing can contribute to us let's
see I don't see it as something to stone
okay
[Music]